AMP-84981 updated TradeDesk cohort sync docs (#979)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/thetradedesk-cohort.md

- This integration is only available for customers who have paid plans with Amplitude.
- You must enable this integration in each Amplitude project you want to use it in.
- You need a paid The Trade Desk plan to enable this integration.

> - This integration with The Trade Desk only allows you to map identifiers to The Trade Desk 36-character GUID, Raw device ID in 36-character GUID (iOS IDFA or Android's AAID) or User's Unified ID 2.0 ([detail](https://partner.thetradedesk.com/v3/portal/data/doc/UnifiedIDs)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can map identifiers to TheTradeDesk's 36 character GUID, the raw device GUID (for example, iOS IDFA or Android AAID), or TheTradeDesk's Unified ID 2.0 (UID2). For more information about UID2, see TheTradeDesk's [Unified IDs](https://partner.thetradedesk.com/v3/portal/data/doc/UnifiedIDs).
```

> - Users in the Trade Desk's segment has a TTL (Time-To-Live) parameter. Amplitude set 30 days for TTL of our users in cohorts that are sent to the Trade Desk and this parameter will be refreshed for every sync. So, if you have scheduled sync (Daily, Hourly), you do not have to worry that the users in the Trade Desk's segment sent by Amplitude will expire. If you run `One-Time Sync`, the users in the segment of the Trade Desk will expire in 30 days unless it's synced again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users in TheTradeDesk have a TTL (Time-To-Live) parameter. Amplitude sets this value to 30 days for users in Cohorts that you send to TheTradeDesk, and refreshes it with every sync. If you configure a scheduled sync, users in cohorts that you send to TheTradeDesk won't expire. If you run a one-time sync, users you send to TheTradeDesk will expire 30 days after the sync, unless you manually resync the cohort.
```

3. Click **Add another destination**.
4. Enter **Name**, **Advertiser ID** and **Advertiser Secret Key**.
5. Choose your Data Center Region.

> 6. Map the Amplitude User ID field to TheTradeDesk User ID field. You can only map identifiers to The Trade Desk 36-character GUID, Raw device ID in 36-character GUID (iOS IDFA or Android's AAID) or User's Unified ID 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Map the Amplitude User ID field to TheTradeDesk User ID field. You can map identifiers to The Trade Desk 36-character GUID, Raw device ID in 36-character GUID (iOS IDFA or Android's AAID) or TheTradeDesk's Unified ID 2.0.
```
